index hint on session tables (#1036)
lucee/lucee-docs: docs/04.guides/13.Various/15.FAQs/01.technical-FAQs/02.database-session/page.md

* Primary key existence (DESCRIBE cf_session_data). If primary key doesn't exist add composite primary key (cfid, name). You can run ALTER TABLE cf_session_data ADD PRIMARY KEY(cfid,name) for that. This helps you avoid performance problems as your cf_session_data table will grow.

> * index present on expires column. You'll need it if you have a large trafic bacase purging will check expired records and index will help to do it faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* index present on expires column. You'll need it if you have a large amount of traffic because purging will check expired records and the index will help to do it faster.
```
